How to practice a language !

这里有一些练习，可以帮助你提升任何编程语言的编程能力。

这个练习簿的用途是让学习新语言的任何人练习。练习按难度排序。


The exercises are taken from practical session of EPITA's first year.
Document will be updated with new exercises and corrections are available for some languages.
Since I am far from knowing every programming language, some exercise may not be as easy as they could be.
Feel free to send me corrections for languages that are not available yet,
new exercises ideas or any mistakes that I could have made !
Nothing will be clearly explained, you will just have exercises and corrections.
You need to look for answers on the internet (stackoverflow.com is good for example) and search by yourself.
Tutorials are available all around the internet, but searching by yourself helps you learning about things
you were not looking for !
Good luck :)

为你要学习的语言创建一个新项目，添加这个文件，并且要确保根据语言的不同文件扩展名是正确的（c语言是.c，c++是.cpp，C#是.cs等等）。你会需要添加相关的头/库等等。


Part One:


FIXME: 声明变量
Declare two variables: an integer named "age", and a string named "name" with corresponding values (your name and age)

FIXME: 打印
Print the following sentence in the console "You are NAME and you are AGE years old !". Don't forget to add a newline at the end

FiXME: 字符串连接
Create a new string variable called "hello" which value is "Hello ". Add "name" at the end of "hello" (Concatenation) then print it

FIXME: 数组
create a new string array called "shoppingList", with three elements of your choice. Create an int variable containing the number of
elements in "shoppingList" (using a function of the array/using the array)

FIXME: For-循环 - Integer
Create a simple for-loop for an integer "i" going from 1 to 10 that print the value of "i"

FIXME: For-循环 - shoppingList
Create a for loop that iterate through "shoppingList" and prints each element.

FIXME: Foreach-循环
Do the same with a foreach-loop.

FIXME: If-语句
Modify the first for-loop (with i from 1 to 10) such that it prints "(value of i) is even" when "i" is divisible
by 2 (You may want to learn more about "modulo" (%)). Else, print "(value of i) is odd".

FIXME: 总计
Create a string variable called "element" with the value of your choice. Then create a for-loop that checks if "shoppingList" contains 
"element". If yes, print "You have to buy (value of element) !", and stop the loop (search how to stop a loop).
If not, print "Nope, you don't need (value of "element")".





Part Two:


FIXME: 函数 - Ascii
Create a function that returns nothing and which doesn't takes any parameter. It should just be named "TriForce"
and print the TriForce symbol (one triangle over two other ones, can be found on internet) with "TRIFORCE"
Don't forget to call the function !


FIXME: 函数 - 一个参数
Create a function that takes a string as parameter and returns "Hello (value of string) !"

FIXME: 函数 - 多个参数
Create a function that takes two integers as parameters and returns the addition of these two.
You can do the same with multiplication, subtraction and division.

FIXME: 用户输入
Create a string variable that takes what the user enter in the console as value. Then print "You entered (value of string)"

FIXME: While 循环
Create a while loop that takes a number and divides it by 2 until it is less than 3

FIXME: do-While 循环
Do the same with a do-while loop

FIXME: 随机数生成器
Create a function that returns a random number

FIXME: 带有边界的随机数生成器
Create another function that returns a random number between two bounds given as parameters.

FIXME: 多维数组
Create a two dimensional int array of 3 columns and 3 rows. Use 2 for-loops to add a random number
between 1 and 9 in each of the 9 rooms.
You may use one of the two previously created function.
Then print them such that they appear like this (with [x1,x9] being the 9 random integers):
{x1,x2,x3,}
{x4,x5,x6,}
{x7,x8,x9,}


FIXME: Switch
Create a Switch that takes an integer "a" and return a sentence regarding the value of a
(Create 3 statements for 3 specific values and a default one)

FIXME: 逻辑门
Create 7 functions for each logic gates (And, Or, No, Nand, Nor, Xnor, Xor).
Each function takes two booleans as parameters and returns the result of the logic gate.
(or You can do it with a switch and only one function)

FIXME - 反转
Create a function that reverse a string
